fix: use del instead of explicit shutdown in CombinedLoader.reset() (#21708)
Lightning-AI/pytorch-lightning: src/lightning/pytorch/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fixed `CombinedLoader.reset()` causing non-zero exit code for large tensors when using persistent workers with multiprocessing_context="spawn" by using `del` instead of explicitly calling `_shutdown_workers()` [#21703](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/pytorch-lightning/issues/21703)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed non-zero process exits in `CombinedLoader.reset()` with large tensors and persistent spawned workers by avoiding explicit `_shutdown_workers()` calls and relying on iterator cleanup via `del` [#21708](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/pytorch-lightning/issues/21708)
```
